# CODE FUN DO 2018

This is the fork of the official code repository for the team DeepVaders. This webapp got the 3rd position in the On-Campus Code Fun Do event hosted at IIT Kanpur by Microsoft and also was among the top three teams to have qualified from the Online Hackathon

### DeepVaders
IIT Kanpur

* Avik Pal (@avik-pal)
* Aniket Das (@Aniket1998)
* Devansh Shringi (@DEVANSH99)

### Legal Case Studies


#### Overview

We present Case Studies, a web app that accepts a legal document (preferably proceedings of a court case, terms and conditions document) IN TXT FORMAT, and using various Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Natural Language processing algorithms, generates a concise summary of the document and recognises the key legal points (for instance, names and locations involved, important sentences) 

The algorithms were trained by partly using our examples and partly using examples generated by Microsoft PROSE SDK which, when fed a few examples of the important points in the document, generated "catchphrases" or key words.
Our question answer bot employs the Microsoft LUIS web service to comprehend what you're asking for


#### Usage

1. Clone this repository into your local machine.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/avik-pal/Code.Fun.Do.2018.git legal_case_studies
```

2. Change your directory to the cloned directory

```bash
cd legal_case_studies
```

3. Move into the cfdweb directory

```bash
cd cfdweb
```

4. Run the server locally and open the link displayed in the terminal

```bash
python3.6 manage.py runserver
```

Just upload the legal proceeddings of the case IN THE FORM OF A TXT FILE (no other formats are supported as of now). Don't worry about privacy issues, we don't store the document in our servers at all.

Now we provide you three different utilities for the file uploaded :-

1. HIGHLIGHTED WORDS: See the important points highlighted in your file. 
2. SUMMARY: The summary of the complete document. The AI uses an adaptive rate to determine the size of the summary for your document.
3. QnA BOT: Ask questions from a specific question set.
4. INFORMATICS: Quick overview of what the AI thinks is important for you.


#### Credits:

Kudos to
Startboostrap.com for their Creative Bootstrap Theme: https://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/creative/ (distributed under the MIT Licence)
João Victor for the sleek file upload template: https://codepen.io/jotavejv/pen/bRdaVJ
pablocorezzola at Bootsnipp for their jquery based chat plugin: https://bootsnipp.com/snippets/featured/simple-chat
And saving the best for last,
Microsoft for their constant support, amazing Azure cloud services, PROSE SDK, LUIS webservice and a brilliant learning platform like code.fun.do

#### Contributing:

1. If you find an issue with code feel free to open an issue and even better solve the issue and submit a PR
2. For a feature request simply open an issue

#### Notes:

1. To know whats going on inside just navigate the `src` folder.
2. Running the server should automatically install the dependencies
3. But in case it gives and error try installing the following explicitly
	* Scikit Learn
	* Docker
	* nltk